Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
HMM. WHY DON'T WE
PLAN EVERYTHING
FOR A HALF AN HOUR LATER,
AND MAYBE YOU'LL BE
ON TIME FOR ONCE.
GOOD MORNING
TO YOU, TOO, ASHLEY.
GOOD MORNING, THOMAS.
IS EVERYONE HERE?
ALL BOARD MEMBERS ARE HERE.
I ALSO WANTED TO REMIND YOU
THAT YOU HAVE A MEETING
WITH JACK FIELDS
FROM REAL CAMPS TODAY.
OH, YEAH, HE WANTS TO TALK
ABOUT STARTING A GRANT
FOR UNDERPRIVILEGED KIDS
TO ATTEND THE SPORTS CAMPS,
-RIGHT?
-YOU ARE CORRECT.
CAN'T SAY NO TO THE KIDS.
EVERYBODY NEEDS A CHANCE.
YOU KNOW WHAT MY OLD COACH
USED TO SAY?
JUST GIVE 'EM A CHANCE!
IS THAT YOUR VERSION
OF A JOKE?
WHATEVER, LET'S GO.
THE ONLY ITEM
WE NEED TO DISCUSS
IS OUR TOP 10 BAKERIES
FOR THE INSPIRATIONAL
BAKERY GRANT.
BUT WE RECEIVED A TON
OF SUBMISSIONS,
BUT WE NARROWED THEM DOWN
TO A FINAL FEW.
ENCLOSED YOU WILL FIND
A LIST OF BAKERIES,
THEIR DEMOGRAPHICS,
LETTER OF RECOMMENDATION,
-AND THEIR PAST OUTREACH
IN THEIR COMMUNITY.
-BABE'S BAKERY?
YES, I KNOW, THAT'S THE PLACE
YOUR MOTHER STARTED.
I THINK IT'S GREAT
THAT THEY'RE LIVING UP
TO YOUR MOTHER'S NAME.
YEAH.
WHO'S THE NEW OWNER NOW?
IT'S BEEN PASSED DOWN
FROM THE GRANDMOTHER
BY TO-- NOW OWNER,
ALYSSA STOCK.
29 YEARS OLD.
SHE'S OWNED THE BAKERY
FOR SEVEN YEARS
SINCE HER GRANDMOTHER
PASSED IT ONTO HER.
SHE'S BEEN IN
A FEW MAGAZINES,
AND HER CUPCAKES
ARE RANKED
AS ONE OF THE TOP 20
DESSERTS IN AMERICA.
SHE'S BEEN BIG
IN THE COMMUNITY
WITH SPONSORING
MANY YOUTH PROGRAMS
IN THE PAST,
BUT FOR SOME REASON
THIS YEAR,
SHE HASN'T GIVEN ANYTHING
TO THE COMMUNITY.
INTERESTING.
WELL, I'M EXCITED
TO SEE WHO'S GOING TO BE
OUR NEW WINNER THIS YEAR.
ASHLEY, DO YOU HAVE
A LIST OF WHERE
EVERYONE'S TRAVELING TO
TO GO EVALUATE?
YES, MISS WISE,
WE HAVE YOU GOING
TO DAVE'S DANISHES AND CAKES
IN MIAMI.
MISS PARKER,
WE HAVE YOU GOING
TO BABE'S BAKERY
IN COLUMBUS.
ACTUALLY, I'LL GO
TO BABE'S BAKERY IN COLUMBUS
AND EVALUATE MYSELF.
UM-- I HAVE MISS PARKER
STAYING AT THE HYATT DOWNTOWN.
IS THAT OKAY WITH YOU?
-I ACTUALLY HAVE
A PLACE THERE.
-OKAY.
REMEMBER,
WE NEED TO COME UP
WITH OUR TOP FINALISTS
BY NEXT FRIDAY.
THAT'S SEVEN DAYS FROM NOW.
AND THEN PICK A RECIPIENT
A WEEK LATER.
DOES EVERYBODY FEEL
CONFIDENT ABOUT THAT?
YEAH, WE'RE GOOD TO GO.
GREAT.
YEAH, I'M FLYING IN TONIGHT,
SO I WILL PROBABLY CATCH UP
WITH YOU TOMORROW.
ARE YOU BRINGING
SOMEONE WITH YOU?
WHAT ARE YOU ASKING ME?
ARE YOU COMING ALONE?
YES.
OKAY, I'M JUST SAYING
THAT THE LAST TIME
YOU CAME IN TOWN
AND I THREW THE MOST
EPIC BACHELOR PARTY
FOR YOU.
I KNOW YOU REMEMBER
JANGLE JACKSON.
RIGHT?
THE JANGLE JACKSON--
YOU KNOW.
YOU CAN'T SEE
WHAT I'M DOING,
BUT HER SISTER, KYLIE,
I DIDN'T TELL YOU
ABOUT KYLIE,
OH, MY GOD.
SISKEL AND EBERT,
TWO THUMBS UP.
WHOA, OKAY. NO,
NO ONE'S COMING WITH ME.
I'M DONE BEING TIED DOWN.
WOW!
WHO IS THIS?
YOU DON'T SPEAK ENGLISH.
IS THIS THE SAME GUY,
EVEN WHEN PLAYING
PROFESSIONAL BALL,
AND EVERYBODY
KNEW WHO HE WAS,
WAS AFRAID
TO TALK TO GIRLS
UNLESS THEY
STARED AT HIM?
RESEARCH SHOWS THAT UNLESS
SHE LOOKS AT YOU
MORE THAN TWO SECONDS,
SHE'S NOT INTERESTED.
RIGHT NOW, THIS BEAUTIFUL GIRL
DOING MY FINGERS,
IT'S AMAZING SHE DOESN'T
SPEAK ENGLISH,
'CAUSE-- I FEEL LIKE I'D BE
FREAKIN' HER OUT A LITTLE BIT.
SHE HASN'T LOOKED AT ME ONCE,
AND I REALLY THINK
I COULD TAKE HER HOME
RIGHT NOW.
ON ANOTHER NOTE,
I AM GOING OUT
WITH A FRIEND
TONIGHT THOUGH.
FRIEND?
WHO?
WHY AREN'T YOU
SAYING ANYTHING?
IS IT AN EX?
-NAOMI.
-NAOMI?
OKAY, THAT'S GOOD.
I'M JUST--
THAT'S NICE TO REKINDLE
AN OLD FRIENDSHIP,
BUT I JUST-- I HEARD
SHE'S A LITTLE DIFFERENT
-THAN SHE USED TO BE, SO--
-WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
UH, I JUST HEARD
SHE'S A LITTLE MORE
LIKE A MOM THAN
A SEXY HOT CHEERLEADER.
WE'RE JUST TRYING
TO HAVE FUN ANYWAY.
YOU KNOW SHE USED TO BE--
SHE USED TO BE OUT
OF MY LEAGUE,
BUT, NOW, I THINK
I CAN HANDLE HER.
WOW, LOOK AT YOU.
PLAYBOY STEVENS, RIGHT?
I'M JUST SAYING--
DON'T GO HOME WITH HER
UNLESS YOU ARE READY TO PLAY
"LEGO CITY" OR "POKÉMON"
OR "DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS."
AND HOW DO YOU KNOW
THESE GAMES?
I JUST-- I DON'T KNOW.
THERE'S COMMERCIALS.
YOU DON'T SEE TOYS "R" US
COMMERCIALS?
ANYWAYS.
WOW! THAT'S PERFECT!
IT REALLY IS.
DON'T JUDGE.
IT'S VERY ADDICTING.
ALL RIGHT. I'LL CATCH UP
WITH YOU TOMORROW.
I WILL SEE YOU
TOMORROW, AS WELL.
COOL.
HAVE YOU KEPT IN TOUCH
WITH ANYONE FROM COLLEGE?
OH, YEAH.
DO YOU REMEMBER
NICK PHILLIPS?
YEAH. NOW, HE KNOWS
HOW TO THROW A PARTY.
I MEAN THE ATMOSPHERE
WAS SO WILD,
LIKE YOU JUST KNEW YOU WERE
GOING HOME WITH SOMEONE.
EXCUSE ME?
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
NICK PHILLIPS
IS RESPONSIBLE FOR MY FIRST
AND MY SECOND CHILD.
- WELL, I GUESS THAT'S
- WHY HE HAS
HIS OWN BILLBOARD.
-MMM.
-YOU LOOK AS GOOD
AS I REMEMBER.
THANK YOU.
IT'S GENETICS.
YEAH, YOUR MOTHER
WAS A NICE LOOKING WOMAN.
YOU LOOKING
AT MY MAMA? HUH?
I WILL SLICE YOUR THROAT.
UM.
OH.
SORRY, SORRY.
I WAS JUST JOKING.
ANYWAY, I'M GLAD
YOU ASKED ME OUT.
WITH THE KIDS,
I DON'T GET OUT VERY MUCH.
I SEE.
THIS IS MY FIRST DATE
IN TWO YEARS.
CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT?
I DON'T KNOW IF I WOULD
CALL THIS A DATE.
THERE WE GO.
YOU'RE JUST--
YOU'RE GONNA FLOSS?
OW.
OKAY.
-LOOK AT THAT ONE.
-OH, YEAH.
THAT'S A GOOD ONE.
IT KEEPS ME
FROM GETTING FAT.
AND EVERYBODY THOUGHT
I WOULD GET FAT,
BECAUSE OF THE KIDS,
YOU KNOW?
BUT SINCE
I'VE STARTED FLOSSING,
I DON'T GET
THE EXTRA WEIGHT
THAT COMES FROM THE FOOD
THAT COMES OUT WHEN YOU SLEEP.
I'M PRETTY SURE THAT YOU'RE
NOT GONNA GAIN WEIGHT
FROM THE FOOD
THAT COMES OUT AT NIGHT.
OH, NO, IT'S A THING.
I SAW IT ON YOUTUBE, SO--
YOU KNOW WHAT, YOU CAN
JUST DO THAT IN THE RESTROOM.
I KNOW, BUT I'M NOT
FINISHED EATING.
I JUST WANTED TO TAKE
A HALFTIME BREAK,
CLEAN MY MOUTH OUT
BEFORE THE BIG FINISH.
GOT IT.
I'M GOING BACK
FOR SECONDS LATER.
-YOU GONNA EAT THAT?
-NO.
OH, GREAT.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
THE FOOD IS SO GOOD HERE.
OH, MY GOSH!
UH! DELICIOUS!
I DON'T EAT
THE CROUTONS THOUGH,
'CAUSE THESE ARE GARLIC.
YOU DON'T WANT GARLIC
IN YOUR HOO-HA,
MAKE YOU STINKY.
-YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
-GOT IT.
GROSS.
THIS IS GOOD.
AND THE CHICKEN BREAST,
OH, MY GOD.
THE CHICKEN BREAST, PROTEIN,
IT'S GOOD FOR YA.
MMM.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
I THINK IT'S TIME
FOR MY FINAL FLOSS.
OH, GREAT.
PERFECT.
-I'M GONNA--
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
-OKAY.
-DON'T MISS ME TOO MUCH.
-HMM-MM, NOT AT ALL.
MMM, I JUST WOULD LIKE
A TALL DRINK
OF MILK CHOCOLATE.
I'M GONNA EAT YOU UP.
OH, GOD.
DO YOU HAVE A MIRROR
IN YOUR PANTS?
-I'M WEARING A DRESS.
-BECAUSE I CAN SEE MYSELF
IN THERE.
OH. OKAY.
YOU KNOW, WE SHOULD PROBABLY
JUST SKIP THE DESSERT,
'CAUSE I WANNA CLIMB
THOSE PILLARS TONIGHT.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
WOW, OKAY.
THAT DOESN'T WORK FOR YOU?
A FRIEND OF MINE TOLD ME
THAT THAT WOULD
TOTALLY SEAL THE DEAL.
HEY!
OH, MY GOSH!
THIS IS MY BROTHER.
WOW.
OH, MY GOD.
WE THOUGHT HE DIED IN IRAQ.
DIFFERENT DADS.
- OH.
- YEAH.
UM...
I'M GONNA CELEBRATE
MY BROTHER BEING ALIVE.
SO, THANK YOU FOR THIS...
WHATEVER THIS WAS.
IT WAS GREAT.
I'M GONNA CALL YOU.
OKAY.
SORRY, I HAD
TO GET OUT OF THERE.
NO PROBLEM.
LOOKS LIKE WE BOTH
HAD A BAD NIGHT.
OH, RIGHT.
OH, SORRY ABOUT
THE CROUTON THING.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT WAS GOING ON.
IT'S OKAY.
I'VE BEEN HIT BY WORSE.
HI.
-I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
-THANKS.
-SORRY TO HEAR THAT.
-WHAT?
YOU SAID YOU WERE HIT
BY, LIKE, A MAN?
NO.
I WAS AT THIS PIZZA JOINT
ONE NIGHT, AND I GUESS
THEY HIRED A NEW GUY
TO FLIP PIZZAS,
AND HE JUST FLIPPED ONE
RIGHT INTO MY FACE.
IT'S WEIRD. OBJECTS ARE
JUST ATTRACTED TO MY FACE.
THAT CAME OFF WRONG.
THOMAS?
HI, BABY, I HEARD
YOU WERE BACK IN TOWN.
I'VE BEEN TRYING
TO GET A HOLD OF YOU.
UH, I REALLY NEED
TO TALK TO YOU.
WELL, THIS ISN'T THE TIME
OR PLACE FOR IT.
THOMAS,
I KNOW I HURT YOU.
HURT ME.
WHAT DO YOU WANT, CORI?
I JUST WANNA SAY I'M SORRY.
THERE IS NOTHING
THAT I WOULDN'T DO
TO CHANGE THE MOMENT
WHEN I WALKED OUT ON YOU.
WELL, AS YOU CAN SEE,
I MOVED ON.
OH, SO YOU'VE ADDED
A LITTLE MILK
TO YOUR HOT CHOCOLATE,
I SEE.
I LOVE YOU.
CORI, THIS ISN'T THE TIME!
PUMPKIN,
I THOUGHT I SAW YOUR NAME
ON AN EVICTION NOTICE.
WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
HOLD ON!
YOU LEAVING ALREADY?
I DIDN'T EVEN GET NO DESSERT.
DAMN, I'M TIRED.
YOU AIN'T HUNGRY?
COME ON, AT LEAST GIVE US SOME
TIRAMISU WITH SOME FLAN.
WHAT'S ALL YOUR RUSH ANYWAY?
WHO IS THIS?
OKAY, THOMAS, EDUCATE ME.
OKAY, $222
THAT'S TWO $100 BILLS,
MY FAVORITE,
ONE $20 BILL,
AND TWO ONE DOLLAR BILLS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
-NOW INSPIRE ME.
-YOU GOT IT.
BOOM.
WHAT AM I GONNA
DO WITH YOU?
-NOW SERVE ME.
-OKAY.
I'LL KEEP THAT
FOR YOU, MISS.
OH, GOOD JOB, BABY.
YOU KNOW, ONE DAY,
THIS PLACE IS GOING
TO BE YOURS.
AND, SO, I GET TO EAT
ALL THE CUPCAKES?
UH, NO, BUT YOU CAN SELL
ALL OF THE CUPCAKES
TO ALL OF OUR
AMAZING CUSTOMERS.
BUT THEN I'LL MAKE MORE
FOR ME TO EAT.
COME HERE.
NEVER GET HIGH
ON YOUR OWN SUPPLY,
THOMAS.
-WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
-NOTHING.
NOW GET YOUR STUFF,
SO WE CAN GET YOU HOME
DOING YOUR HOMEWORK,
AND GET YOU TO BED.
CAN I WATCH "LAMB CHOP'S"
BEFORE BED?
I RECORDED IT.
HMM.
ONLY IF YOU CAN SING
THE SONG WORD-FOR-WORD.
-GO.
-OKAY.
* HEY, IT'S LAMB CHOP'S
PLAY-ALONG
* WHERE KIDS COME
AND PLAY ALONG *
* AND FUN THINGS
ARE ALL WE EVER DO *
* YEAH, IT'S LAMB CHOP'S
PLAY-ALONG *
* JOIN THE KIDS
AND PLAY ALONG *
* WE'VE GOT A LOT
OF GOOD STUFF FOR YOU *
-* AND YOU
* AND YOU
GRANNY, HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
ALYSSA,
MY BABY GIRL,
WHY HAVEN'T YOU COME
TO SEE ME?
GRANNY,
I WAS HERE YESTERDAY.
CAN I GET YOU ANYTHING?
B4... NOT AFTER.
SHE'S SO FUNNY.
OH, I'M FINE, HONEY.
YOU KNOW, THIS IS WHERE
YOUR GRANDFATHER AND I MET.
YES, GRANNY.
VOLUNTEERING AS TEENAGERS.
SURE DID.
HOW'S THE BAKERY?
YOU KNOW, WE WERE VOTED
THE BEST BAKERY ON THE BLOCK
ALL THROUGH THE 80s.
GRANNY, I THOUGHT YOU BOUGHT
THE BAKERY IN 1994.
YOU'RE RIGHT, DEAR.
- A7
- LISTEN, GRANNY, THERE'S--
OH, BINGO!
WHOO!
BINGO!
GOOD JOB.
I HAVE TO TAKE THIS.
I'M GOING TO BE
RIGHT BACK, OKAY?
DON'T MAKE ME
COME AFTER YOU.
WHERE'S MY PRIZE, LUCILLE?
WHAT'S WRONG?
BELLA, YOU CALLED ME
BACK TO BACK.
-I THOUGHT SOMETHING WAS WRONG.
-OKAY, WELL, IT KIND OF IS.
THERE IS THIS GUY HERE,
SAYS THAT WE OWE HIM.
OH, OKAY, UM, TELL HIM
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
HE SAYS WE OWE HIM
SIX CHOCOLATE VANILLA
SWIRL CUPCAKES.
THAT'S WILLIS.
HE WASHES OUR WINDOWS.
OH, HE IS, IS HE?
COME WITH ME.
WHAT DO YOU CALL THIS?
WHAT ARE YOU
WASHING THIS WITH?
DIRTY UNDERWEAR?
NO WONDER YOU'RE
NOT GETTING PAID.
YOU'RE NOT GETTING
ANYTHING FOR THIS.
I'LL WASH 'EM
WITH CLEAN UNDERWEAR
IF YOU'LL JUST GIVE ME
A DOZEN CUPCAKES
AND A SHIRLEY TEMPLE.
WHERE ARE THEY SUPPOSED TO GO?
TELL ME THAT.
NO, OF COURSE YOU DON'T
FUCKING CARE WHERE THEY GO.
YOU DON'T CARE
ABOUT ANYTHING...
I HAVE TO GO.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER, OKAY?
YOU CAN'T DO THIS
TO US. RIGHT?
YOU SAID YOU WERE GONNA
LEAVE US ALONE.
THESE PEOPLE NEED
THIS PLACE.
NO, YOU KNOW, YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO DRAG ME AND THEM OUT
OF HERE WHEN YOU DO IT,
AND WHAT IS THAT GONNA
LOOK LIKE FROM A P.R.
STANDPOINT?
WHAT WAS THAT ALL ABOUT?
IT'S THE STILLWELL
CORPORATION.
THEY NEED MORE MONEY,
OR THEY'RE GONNA SHUT US DOWN.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
THEY WANT MORE MONEY?
YOU SAID IF I GAVE YOU
$150,000 THAT WAS IT.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT THEY TOLD ME,
BUT NOW THEY NEED
$100,000 MORE.
SO UNLESS WE PAY THEM IN FULL
IN A COUPLE OF WEEKS--
WHERE'S MY GRANDMOTHER
SUPPOSED TO GO?
WHERE ARE ALL THESE PEOPLE
I DON'T KNOW, ALYSSA.
IF YOU KNOW ANYONE ELSE
YOU CAN TALK TO,
NOW WOULD BE THE TIME.
I'VE ALREADY TOLD YOU,
I DON'T HAVE ANYBODY ELSE.
WELL, WHAT DO YOU
WANT ME TO DO?
FIGURE IT OUT.
I WANT YOU TO FIGURE IT OUT.
NICK PHILLIPS,
EVENT PLANNER,
RUNS THE CITY. TM.
-EVENT PLANNER?
-YEAH.
YOUR CLIENTELE ARE GIRLS
IN SHORT SKIRTS,
NOT BUSINESS SUITS.
WELL, IT'S, YOU KNOW,
IT'S WHAT EVENT PLANNING IS,
BUT I APPRECIATE
YOUR CONCERN.
I'M ACTUALLY TRANSITIONING
INTO ANOTHER JOB.
LIKE WHAT?
GRADUATION PARTIES.
YEAH, THE PARENTS
AT DUBLIN AND UA
ARE JUST EATING IT UP.
IT'S LIKE A CONSTANT
MONEY MAKER.
THERE YOU ARE.
I'M GLAD AFTER FIVE YEARS
YOU GOT THOSE TEETH FIXED.
RIGHT? DR. HUTTA
HOOKED IT UP.
YEAH, WELL, HE'S GOOD
AT WHAT HE DOES.
YEAH, MAKING DREAMS
COME TRUE, #DISNEY.
WELL, ENOUGH ABOUT ME
AND MY SUCCESSFUL
ENTREPRENEURSHIP.
TELL ME ABOUT YOU.
HOW WAS--
HOW WAS SEEING
YOUR OLD HOUSE?
IT BROUGHT BACK MEMORIES.
GOOD, BAD, BOTH?
BOTH.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE A REALTOR
THAT CAN TAKE CARE OF IT--
-GET IT OFF--
-NO.
YOU SURE?
HEY, TELL ME ABOUT
NAOMI LAST NIGHT.
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE RESPONSIBLE
FOR TWO OF HER KIDS.
WHAT?
NO, I, UH--
SHE TOLD ME SHE WAS
ON BIRTH CONTROL.
YOU SLEPT WITH
MY EX-GIRLFRIEND?
HMM?
I JUST-- I FIGURED, YOU KNOW,
ONCE YOU GUYS BROKE UP
IT WAS LIKE
KINDA FAIR GAME.
HEY, IF IT MAKES YOU
FEEL ANY BETTER,
IT WAS TERRIBLE.
-OH.
-YOU CAN HAVE HER.
OH, THANK YOU.
NO, I DON'T KNOW WHERE
THAT THING'S BEEN.
PLUS, I'M BUSY WITH WORK,
I DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR THAT KINDA STUFF ANYWAY.
DO YOU MIND?
YOU GOTTA MAKE TIME
FOR STUFF LIKE THAT.
THERE'S NOTHING
WRONG WITH COMING HOME
WITH SOMEBODY EVERY NIGHT.
I KNOW THERE'S SOMEWHERE
I HAVE TO BE.
APPOINTMENT
AT BABE'S BAKERY.
-MMM.
-YOU WANNA COME?
YEAH, I LOVE THAT PLACE.
CAN WE STOP BY
THE CLUB REAL QUICK,
SO I CAN KINDA TAKE CARE
OF EVERYTHING FOR TOMORROW?
-ANOTHER GRADUATION PARTY?
-TONIGHT...
-IS IT TONIGHT OR TOMORROW?
WHICH ONE IS IT?
-IT'S, UH...
OH, BOY.
-TONIGHT.
-GREAT.
HEY, YOU KNOW,
YOUR MOM WOULD BE REALLY
PROUD OF YOU.
-ALL RIGHT?
-THANKS, MAN.
RISE AND SHINE.
THESE CUPCAKES AREN'T
GONNA BAKE THEMSELVES.
TODAY'S THE DAY!
- TODAY IS THE DAY.
LET'S JUST HOPE
THAT THE GUYS FROM
THE TKS FOUNDATION
HAVE THE BEST CUPCAKE
THEY'VE EVER HAD.
WHO'S COMING FROM
THE FOUNDATION?
PROBABLY JUST SOME
RANDOM EVALUATOR.
I DON'T REALLY CARE.
I JUST WANT HIM TO DONATE
$100,000 IN THIS DIRECTION.
$100,000, UM...
I'D EAT
A BRAZILIAN FLAPJACK,
GIVE HIM
THE RUSTY TROMBONE,
AND LET HIM DO
THE FLYING CAMEL
FOR $100,000.
I DON'T EVEN WANNA
KNOW WHAT THAT IS.
WELL, YOU SHOULD.
BY THE WAY, I AM NEVER
LETTING YOU SET ME UP
ON A DATE AGAIN.
REALLY? BUT HE WAS
SUCH A HUNK THOUGH.
I WOULD TOTALLY
GLAZE HIS DONUT,
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
I'M GONNA FIRE YOU
IF YOU KEEP TALKING
LIKE THAT.
MM-HMM?
THAT'S NOT THE GUY,
IS IT?
OH, MY GOSH.
IF THAT'S THE GUY
FROM THE TKS FOUNDATION,
HE'S THE ONE THAT HELPED ME
GET OUT OF MY DATE LAST NIGHT.
OOH.
COME ON, THOMAS.
THIS IS NO LONGER
MY BAKERY.
SHE OWNS IT NOW.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH.
* HALLELUJAH,
OH-HO-HO *
HI, GORGEOUS.
CAN I HELP YOU?
WHOA. EASY THERE, TIGER.
PUT YOUR TONGUE BACK
IN YOUR MOUTH.
NICK, HOW'S IT GOING?
UH... RIGHT.
-MMM.
-I'M A LITTLE
MORE SOBER THIS TIME
SEEING YOU.
TOO MANY TEQUILA SHOTS.
BROTHER, IT'S GREAT TO SEE
THAT YOU'RE ALIVE.
I'VE MISSED YOU.
IS THAT WHAT
YOU CALL FLIRTING?
OH, MY GOD.
I'M ALYSSA STOCK.
ALYSSA STOCK.
GOOD TO PUT A NAME
WITH A FACE.
I DIDN'T CATCH IT LAST NIGHT
AT THE RESTAURANT.
I'M THOMAS,
FROM THE TKS FOUNDATION.
AND I'M BELLA JOBS.
MY GUY FRIENDS CALL ME BJ.
YEAH.
CAN I GET YOU SOMETHING?
-OR YOU?
-NICK.
-HI.
UH, NOT WITH THE FOUNDATION.
JUST A FRIEND.
I THINK I KNOW YOU
FROM SOMEWHERE, ACTUALLY.
WELL, I DO HAVE
BILLBOARDS AROUND TOWN.
NO BIG DEAL.
NO, I THINK WE WORK OUT
AT THE SAME GYM.
DO YOU WORK OUT
AT CROSSFIT GRANDVIEW?
-YEAH.
-MM-HMM.
YOU'RE THAT
CLUB PROMOTER GUY, RIGHT?
EVENT PLANNER.
CLUB PROMOTING
CAN BE VERY LIMITING.
THERE'S A DIFFERENCE?
GOT IT.
THERE'S-- THERE IS.
IT'S A BIG DIFFERENCE, SO--
WELL, ANYWAY, CAN I GET
EITHER OF YOU SOMETHING?
-A CUPCAKE, MAYBE?
-NO, THANK YOU.
YEAH! I WOULD LOVE
A CUPCAKE.
-RED VELVET.
-MM-HMM.
-IT'S MY FAVORITE.
-I KNOW IT'S YOUR FAVORITE.
IT'S ON US.
LET ME SHOW YOU AROUND.
- GREAT.
- OKAY, COME ON.
DO YOU WANT SOME COMPANY?
NO, I THINK YOU CAN
HOLD DOWN THE FORT.
CALL ME IF YOU NEED ME.
I'LL JUST--
I'LL WAIT OVER HERE
TILL YOU'RE DONE.
I HOPE YOU DON'T MIND
IF I PUT THE FINAL TOUCHES
ON MY CAKES
WHILE WE TALK.
NOT AT ALL.
SO TELL ME ABOUT YOURSELF.
WELL, FIRST OFF,
I JUST WANT TO SAY
I'M REALLY EXCITED
TO BE A SEMI-FINALIST
FOR YOUR GRANT.
WELL, WE'RE ALWAYS LOOKING
TO SUPPORT BAKERIES
THAT HAVE SEPARATED
THEMSELVES FROM THE PACK
BY SERVING OTHER,
NOT JUST IN THE BAKERIES,
BUT ALSO IN THE COMMUNITY.
I'VE RUN THE BUSINESS
SINCE I WAS 22 YEARS OLD.
IT WAS PASSED DOWN
FROM MY GRANDMOTHER.
HOW DID YOUR GRANDMOTHER
ACQUIRE THE PLACE?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T KNOW.
-I NEVER REALLY ASKED HER.
-REALLY? OKAY.
WELL, IF YOU DON'T
MIND ME ASKING,
DID YOU COME
FROM MONEY, OR?
UM... I MEAN,
WE WERE YOUR TYPICAL
MIDDLE CLASS FAMILY.
WE DIDN'T LIVE
PAYCHECK TO PAYCHECK,
OR ANYTHING,
BUT WE COULDN'T
AFFORD NOT TO WORK.
YOU?
I THINK WE SHOULD
JUST FOCUS ON WHY I'M HERE.
WHAT ARE YOUR FAVORITE
CHARITIES?
-THE TKS FOUNDATION.
-MMM.
-OBVIOUSLY.
-REALLY?
NO, MY GRANDMOTHER
WAS A BIG SPORTS FAN, SO--
IT'S KINDA HARD NOT
TO BE IN THIS TOWN.
SO WE REALLY--
WE SUPPORT
THE SECOND AND SEVEN
FOUNDATION,
THE DRIVEN FOUNDATION,
MOSTLY BECAUSE THEY'RE RAN
BY FORMER
FOOTBALL PLAYERS.
TELL ME SOMETHING
I CAN'T READ ON THE WEBSITE.
I MEAN,
WHY WASN'T IT PASSED
TO YOUR MOTHER?
UM...
SHE DIED WHEN I WAS 16.
-I'M SORRY TO HEAR THAT.
-THANK YOU.
SO, WHAT MAKES THIS PLACE
SPECIAL TO YOU?
I MEAN, WHY SHOULD
WE GIVE YOU $100,000,
AND WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA DO WITH IT?
I THINK MY CAKES
KINDA SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES.
TRY ONE.
NO, THANK YOU, THOUGH.
ONE CUPCAKE WON'T
MAKE YOU FAT. I PROMISE.
NEXT TIME.
MAYBE.
-COME ON,
I'LL SHOW YOU AROUND.
-ALL RIGHT.
RIGHT THIS WAY.
HEY, YOU CAN'T BE IN HERE.
YOU GOT TO GO.
HEY, FRED, HI.
-HERE YOU GO.
-THANKS, ALYSSA.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
I'LL SEE YOU AGAIN TOMORROW.
BYE.
THAT'S FRED.
HE THINKS OUR CUPCAKES
ARE PRETTY GREAT.
SO DO I.
ACTUALLY, THEY'RE VOTED
THE BEST IN THE COUNTRY.
IN THE COUNTRY?
-THAT'S RIGHT.
-EXCUSE ME.
DO YOU KNOW WHERE
THE BATHROOM IS?
I KNOW WHERE IT IS.
COME ON.
COME ON!
SO, I MEAN, I GUESS
IF THEY'RE THE BEST
IN THE COUNTRY,
I SHOULD TASTE ONE, HUH?
FINALLY.
WHAT KIND WOULD YOU LIKE?
-WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE?
-DO YOU HAVE COOKIE DOUGH?
I DO.
IT'S MY FAVORITE, TOO,
I REMEMBER
MY MOM USED TO--
LET'S TASTE IT.
-WOW.
-TOLD YA.
THOSE ARE FROM HER GRANNY'S
SECRET RECIPE.
I MEAN, THAT'S A LIE.
RIGHT?
'CAUSE I'VE TASTED
THOSE EXACT CUPCAKES BEFORE,
SO SOMEBODY NEEDS TO GET
THEIR FACTS STRAIGHT.
EXCUSE ME?
I'M NOT TRYING
TO BE DISRESPECTFUL
OR ANYTHING, MISS STOCK,
BUT I CAN TELL YOU
FOR A FACT
THAT'S NOT YOUR GRANDMOTHER'S
SECRET RECIPE.
AND HOW WOULD
YOU KNOW THIS, MISTER...
WHAT, DID YOU JUST
APPLY FOR A GRANT
AND DIDN'T DO RESEARCH
ON THE COMPANY
THAT YOU EXPECTED
TO GIVE YOU $100,000?
WE'LL BE IN TOUCH.
NO MEANS NO.
I LIKE YOUR CUPCAKES.
TOMMY, WAIT UP!
WHAT HAPPENED?
WHAT DID HE SAY?
SHE'S WAS GONNA TRY
TO SAY THAT THAT'S
HER GRANDMOTHER'S
SECRET RECIPE.
I TASTED THOSE CUPCAKES
EVERY DAY AS A KID.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
BABE'S BAKERY,
THAT BABE'S BAKERY.
THAT WAS MY MOM'S BAKERY
BEFORE HER GRANDMOTHER
STOLE IT FROM HER.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
WHAT SHE DOESN'T KNOW
IS I KNOW SHE'S HAVING
FINANCIAL ISSUES.
WHICH MEANS SHE HAS
NO CONSISTENT CLIENTELE,
OR SHE'S GOT
SOME KIND OF HABIT.
-A HABIT?
-YEP.
-WHAT KIND OF HABIT?
-I DON'T KNOW.
DRUGS, GAMBLING,
SOMETHING.
UH... THAT GIRL?
COME ON, MAN,
LOOK AT HER.
SHE DOESN'T HAVE A HABIT.
IN MY LINE OF BUSINESS,
I CAN SPOT THAT
FROM A MILE AWAY.
HER FRIEND,
ON THE OTHER HAND...
SHE'S PROBABLY
GOT SOME HABITS.
SO, YOU TWO KNOW
EACH OTHER, AS WELL?
YEAH, I'VE SEEN
HER AROUND.
ALL RIGHT,
IT WAS A LONG TIME AGO
WHEN I WAS SMASHING
ANYTHING THAT WALKED.
SO, IS SHE STILL
IN THE RUNNING
FOR THE GRANT?
I DON'T KNOW.
I MEAN, ANY
OF THE SEMI-FINALISTS
COULD GET THIS GRANT.
I NEED TO MAKE SURE
MY MOM'S NAME DON'T
GO IN VEIN.
YOU NEED
TO GIVE HER A CHANCE.
PERSONALLY, I DON'T
EVEN THINK SHE KNOWS
WHAT HER GRANDMOTHER
DID TO YOUR MOM.
AND MAYBE, MAYBE THIS
IS A GOOD OPPORTUNITY
FOR YOU TO FIND OUT AND SEE.
I DON'T KNOW.
I THINK YOUR MOM
WOULD HAVE LIKED HER.
SHE'S SMART.
SHE'S PASSIONATE.
SHE CARES
ABOUT THE COMMUNITY.
SHE'S BROKE,
IS WHAT SHE IS.
THE TKS FOUNDATION
WAS STARTED TO INSPIRE,
EDUCATE, AND SERVE.
COME ON, YOU GOTTA
GET BACK ON THE HORSE.
SHE'S SMART.
SHE'S BEAUTIFUL,
AND SHE'S IN TO YOU.
HONESTLY, THE ONLY DRAWBACK
IS HER CANNIBALISTIC FRIEND.
THOSE CUPCAKES
BROUGHT BACK MEMORIES.
AND BELIEVE ME,
I THINK SHE WANTS
TO GIVE YOU
SOME MORE
OF THOSE CUPCAKES
IN MORE THAN ONE WAY.
I GIVE THE PEOPLE
WHAT THEY WANT.
-I BET YOU DO.
-YEAH.
IT'S A GOOD BET.
YOU'RE GONNA WIN
THAT EVERY TIME NOW.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
HEY! HEY!
WHAT'S UP, BUDDY?
HEY! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
OH, WAIT, LET ME GUESS.
SITTING AT HOME
WITH YOU FEET IN PAJAMAS
EATING COOKIE DOUGH
ICE CREAM, HUH?
ACTUALLY, IT'S A LITTLE
TOO WARM FOR THE ONES
WITH THE FEET IN THEM.
UGH, SERIOUSLY, IT'S BEEN
LIKE A COUPLE DAYS
SINCE THAT MEETING
WITH THE FOUNDATION,
ARE YOU STILL DOWN ABOUT THAT?
I MEAN, I COULD HAVE
REALLY USED THE MONEY,
SO YEAH.
WELL, MAYBE
IT'S NOT TOO LATE.
OKAY, JUST
CALL HIM BACK.
NO, I'M PRETTY SURE
HE HATES ME.
OH, HE DEFINITELY HATED YOU,
BUT LOOK AT IT THIS WAY,
I MEAN IT'S NOT
LIKE BUSINESS IS DOING BAD,
I MEAN, IT'S NOT LIKE YOU
REALLY NEED THE MONEY.
YOU SHOULD AT LEAST
JUST TRY AND BONE HIM.
I KNOW YOU FELT
THAT TINGLY FEELING
WHEN HE CAME IN.
ARE YOU OKAY?
MM-HMM.
FINE.
-I'M GONNA GO BACK
TO WATCHING TV--
NO! WE HAVE TO DO BETTER.
OKAY, YOU SHOULD COME OUT
WITH ME TONIGHT.
THERE'S GONNA BE
A LOT OF HORNY DRUNK MEN.
YEAH, THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M LOOKING FOR.
OKAY, SERIOUSLY,
JUST SO YOU KNOW,
THAT LITTLE THING
THAT YOU'RE USING AT HOME
IS NOT LIKE
THE REAL THING.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
OKAY.
ANOTHER NIGHT OF SHOTS
AND WALK OF SHAME AT
6:00 AM FOR ME.
OKAY. I GOTTA GO.
AW, SHIT.
OH, MY GOD,
THAT IS RANCID,
WHAT DID I EAT?
JESUS.
OH, MY GOSH.
NO.
-SO HOW WAS LAST NIGHT?
-UH, WELL, LET'S JUST SAY,
WHOEVER SAID,
"IT'S NOT THE SIZE
OF THE BOAT,
BUT THE MOTION
IN THE OCEAN" LIED.
AT LEAST YOU GET BOAT.
IT WAS LIKE A LIFE RAFT.
WITHOUT A PADDLE.
IT WAS TINY.
IT WAS LIKE A FLOATIE.
OOH, BABE'S BAKERY
IN THE HOUSE.
HEY!
WELL, HOW DID
THEY GET HERE?
JUST LET--
LET'S JUST GO.
GO? GO WHERE?
WE'RE HERE TO WORK OUT.
HEY! MAYBE
THIS IS A SIGN
THAT YOU SHOULD
GIVE HER THE GRANT.
SHE'S NOT GETTING
THE GRANT,
SO IF THAT WAS YOUR PLAN,
THEN WE CAN LEAVE.
OKAY, WHOA, CALM DOWN.
I DIDN'T KNOW THEY WERE
GONNA BE HERE.
LET'S JUST GO WORK OUT.
-ALL RIGHT.
-WHOO!
DID I HEAR SOMEONE
SAY "CALM DOWN"?
COME ON, GUYS!
CROSSFIT. THIS IS MY DOJO.
WELCOME, LET'S GO.
COME ON! WE'LL PUT THE SWEAT
IN THOSE PECS,
ALL RIGHT?
COME ON.
AH, LADIES, IT'S TONE TIME,
SO IF YOU WANNA JOIN US?
HERE WE GO.
WE GOT EIGHT MINUTES
TO KNOCK OUT
THIS WOD, HONUS.
EIGHT MINUTES STARTS NOW!
NOW!
WHAT ARE YOU TWO DOING HERE?
THIS PLACE ISN'T BIG ENOUGH
FOR THE FOUR OF US.
WHAT? IT'S PLENTY BIG.
BELLA, RIGHT?
YOU REMEMBERED.
I JUST WANNA
APOLOGIZE TO YOU
AND TO YOU,
MISS STOCK.
I DO NOT WANT MY ACTIONS
FROM THE OTHER DAY
TO BE REFLECTED
ON THE FOUNDATION.
I TOLD YOU HE WAS DREAMY.
IF I KNEW YOU
WERE GONNA BE HERE,
I WOULD HAVE WORN
MY SEE-THROUGH WORKOUT PANTS.
DID I TELL YOU TO STOP?
THERE'S NO STOPPING.
CONTINUE.
I COMPLETELY AGREE,
MR. STEVENS,
I THINK WE GOT OFF
ON THE WRONG FOOT.
IF YOU WANNA COME BACK,
I CAN SHOW YOU A DETAILED PLAN
OF WHAT I INTEND ON DOING
WITH THE MONEY FROM THE GRANT.
AND WE ARE DONE.
TIME MOVE ON
TO THE NEXT STATION.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
SQUATS.
WHOO!
MAN, I AM TIRED.
LOOKS LIKE YOU ARE, TOO.
-SOME WATER?
-YES, THANK YOU.
GIVE ME ONE MORE SECOND.
HERE YOU GO.
I THOUGHT THE BOTTLE
WAS GONNA SQUIRT ON YOU,
SO I OPENED IT.
THANK YOU.
SO, UM, SO LET'S
SET UP A MEETING
TO DISCUSS WHAT YOU WOULD
DO WITH THE GRANT,
IF WE CHOSE YOU.
YEAH?
TELL ME WHEN.
WELL, I AM BUSY
ALL AFTERNOON,
BUT I'M AVAILABLE FOR DINNER,
IF THAT WORKS FOR YOU.
SOUNDS GREAT.
LET ME KNOW WHEN.
CALL ME.
-I'LL CALL YOU.
-OKAY.
-I'LL WAIT FOR IT.
-WILL YOU? GREAT.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
MRS. RAISIN, THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR AGREEING TO MEET ME
ON SUCH SHORT NOTICE.
THE ONLY REASON
I MADE TIME
IS BECAUSE YOU ARE
THERESA STEVENS' SON.
YOU KNEW MY MOTHER?
YES, WE WERE
HIGH SCHOOL FRIENDS.
YOU LOOK JUST LIKE HER.
-SO WHAT CAN I HELP YOU WITH?
-LIKE I SAID ON THE PHONE,
ALYSSA STOCK,
SHE'S IN THE RUNNING
FOR OUR $100,000 GRANT,
AND I KNOW SHE USED TO BE
ONE OF YOUR TOP DONORS,
BUT OVER THE LAST YEAR,
DOESN'T LOOK LIKE SHE'S GIVEN
TO YOU OR ANY OTHER
ORGANIZATIONS.
DO YOU KNOW WHY ALL
OF A SUDDEN SHE STOPPED?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT MISS STOCK
IS DOING WITH HER MONEY,
BUT AS FAR AS KEEPING
THE INTEGRITY
OF WHAT YOUR MOTHER STARTED,
SHE'S RIGHT IN LINE.
THANKS.
I KNOW IT MIGHT
SOUND WEIRD,
BUT I DON'T THINK
YOU SHOULD REDECORATE
THE BAKERY.
WHY NOT? I MEAN,
IT'S AN OLDER BUILDING,
SO YOU KINDA
HAVE TO KEEP IT
BRIGHT AND SHINY
-TO MAKE IT STAND OUT.
-YEAH, BUT, THERE'S SO MUCH
CHARACTER TO IT.
I MEAN, YOUR GRANDMOTHER
DIDN'T REDECORATE,
NEITHER DID THE PERSON
BEFORE HER.
TRUE, BUT I DON'T THINK
MY GRANNY HAD THE OPPORTUNITY
TO GET $100,000.
I WANNA INSPIRE,
AND EDUCATE, AND SERVE.
HMM. YOU'VE BEEN
DOING YOUR HOMEWORK, I SEE.
YOU KNOW, I REALLY ENVISION
TAKING IT TO THE NEXT LEVEL.
YOU KNOW, I WANNA OPEN UP
MULTIPLE LOCATIONS
AND REALLY SPREAD
MY GRANDMOTHER'S ESSENCE
BEYOND COLUMBUS.
IS THERE ANY OTHER LOCATION,
IN PARTICULAR,
-THAT YOU'D LIKE TO HAVE?
-I DON'T KNOW.
I GUESS, I'VE NEVER REALLY
BEEN OUTSIDE OF OHIO,
SO IT'S HARD TO SAY,
BUT NO,
I REALLY SEE SPREADING
MY GRANDMOTHER'S NAME
ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
YEAH, BABE'S BAKERY
IS A SPECIAL PLACE.
MM-HMM.
SO, CORRECT ME
IF I'M WRONG,
BUT I THINK THE LAST TIME
I SAW YOU OUT AT A RESTAURANT
YOU WERE PRETENDING THAT I WAS
YOUR NEW GIRLFRIEND.
OKAY. LET'S TALK
ABOUT YOUR BUSINESS PLAN.
YOU DON'T WANT TO PLAY?
NO. WE WOULDN'T WORK OUT.
OKAY.
I WAS JUST JOKING.
YOU'VE BEEN GIVEN THINGS
YOUR WHOLE LIFE,
AND INSTEAD OF APPRECIATING IT,
YOU WANT TO REDECORATE.
-YOU WANT A CHANGE?
-WHAT?
I WORKED HARD
FOR EVERYTHING I HAVE.
I'VE RUN A SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS
BY THE AGE OF 22.
ANYONE CAN RUN
A SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS
WHEN IT'S ALREADY
BEEN ESTABLISHED.
YEAH, WELL, NOT EVERYONE
CAN DOUBLE THE PROFITS
WITHIN THE FIRST TWO YEARS
UNLESS THEY HAVE
A LOT OF FAITH
IN WHAT THEY'RE DOING.
A LOT OF HARD WORK
BACKING IT UP.
I JUST NEED TO BE CERTAIN
MY GRANT GOES TO SOMEONE
WHO HELPS THE COMMUNITY
AND DOESN'T TRY TO TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF THEM.
OKAY, IS THIS EVEN
ABOUT THE GRANT
-OR IS THIS ABOUT
YOUR PERSONAL ISSUES?
-YOU DON'T KNOW ME.
I KNOW YOU WELL ENOUGH
TO KNOW THAT YOU WERE WILLING
TO PRETEND THAT I WAS
YOUR GIRLFRIEND BEFORE YOU
EVEN KNEW MY NAME.
YOU WERE SO OUT
TO PROVE TO YOUR FIANCÉE
THAT YOU HAD MOVED ON
THAT YOU WERE WILLING
TO BE WITH A WOMAN THAT
YOU DIDN'T EVEN KNOW.
SO WE'RE GONNA
PULL THAT CARD?
AND YOU WERE SO SHALLOW
THAT YOU WERE WILLING TO STAND
IN FRONT OF A RESTAURANT
AND TELL THE DATE
THAT YOU THOUGHT
I WAS YOUR BROTHER
THAT DIED IN A WAR.
GROW UP.
YOU KNOW WHO
I WISH YOU WERE?
I WISH YOU REALLY WERE
MY BROTHER THAT DIED
FIGHTING FOR THIS COUNTRY.
THAT'S WHO I WISH YOU WERE.
THAT'S WHO I WAS
HOPING YOU WERE,
WHICH YOU'LL NEVER BE HIM.
I SHOULD GO.
THANK YOU FOR LOOKING
AT MY BUSINESS PLAN.
CAN I SPEAK
TO ALYSSA, PLEASE?
OH! WHERE'S THE COMMUNITY
SERVICE EVENT AT?
I'D LOVE TO COME
CHECK IT OUT.
WHY ARE YOU RINGING
THE DOORBELL LIKE A MANIAC?
OH, WHAT IS UP,
BUFF BAGWELL?
YOU KNOW, ACTUALLY,
TAKING STEROIDS
-MAKES YOUR PEE-PEE SMALL.
-OH, DOES IT?
-OH!
-DID YOU FEEL THAT?
FEISTY.
HEY, WHY HAVE YOU NOT BEEN
ANSWERING MY CALLS TODAY?
OH, MAN, SORRY ABOUT THAT.
I'VE BEEN BUSY ALL DAY
ON THE PHONE WITH THE BOARD
GOING OVER EVALUATIONS.
HMM. ACTUALLY,
I'VE BEEN MEANING
TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT THIS.
I've BEEN COOKING UP
SOME REALLY GOOD BROWNIES
IN MY BASEMENT.
MARIJUANA DOESN'T COUNT.
FINE.
ANYWAYS, I'M THROWING
A PARTY OF ALL PARTIES
TONIGHT, MY FRIEND.
-AND YOU, MY FRIEND,
NEED TO GO, SO LET'S GO.
-NO, THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
I'M SUPER TIRED.
BEEN WORKING ALL DAY.
WHERE YOU GOING?
AH! YEAH, RIGHT.
I'M NOT WEARING THIS.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
THAT'S PERFECT.
YOU'RE 32 YEARS OLD.
YOU LOOK 45,
-SO, THIS WILL HELP.
-FIRST OF ALL,
-I DON'T LOOK 45.
-THIS LOOKS LIKE I'M 14.
-NO, IT DOESN'T LOOK
LIKE YOU'RE 14.
IT LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE AWESOME,
THAT'S WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
-I'LL TRY THEM ON.
-COME ON, LET'S GO.
-I'LL TRY IT ONE TIME.
-OKAY, LET'S GO.
COME ON! LET'S GO!
I'M SERIOUS.
IT'S GONNA BE FUN.
HEY, HOW DO I GET
ONE OF THESE--
DON'T TOUCH MY TROPHIES.
I HEARD THAT.
I HEARD THAT AGAIN.
WOW.
EXCUSE ME, I'M SORRY.
EXCUSE ME, HEY.
HI. HEY, HOW YOU DOING?
UM, STOP ACTING
LIKE A DOUCHE.
DUDE, I KNOW HOW TO TALK
TO THE LADIES.
-OH, YEAH?
-YEAH.
WRITING YOUR NUMBER
ON $100 BILLS,
IT MIGHT WORK IN L.A.,
BUT IT DOESN'T WORK HERE.
WELL, IT MIGHT WORK HERE,
BUT I DON'T UNDERSTAND,
WHY IS THIS SO HARD
FOR YOU RIGHT NOW?
SERIOUSLY.
I MEAN, YOU GOT CORI
ALL THE WAY TO THE ALTAR.
I'M SORRY.
THAT WAS A LOW BLOW.
DUDE, I DON'T EVEN
WANNA BE HERE.
THE ONLY REASON I'M OUT
IS BECAUSE YOU DRAGGED ME OUT.
I WAS HAVING A GOOD TIME
WATCHING STEVE HARVEY
ON "FAMILY FEUD."
WHY YOU GOTTA-- WHY YOU GOTTA
TALK ABOUT "FAMILY FEUD"
IN A CLUB, MAN?
SEE WHAT HAP--
I WANNA GRAB
A MINUTE WITH YOU.
YEAH.
GIVE ME ONE SECOND.
JUST-- DON'T DO
ANYTHING STUPID.
LADIES!
NICK, WHERE YOU AT, MAN?
I TOLD YOU I'D MAKE
YOU MONEY TONIGHT.
WHAT DID I SAY?
UNBELIEVABLE.
THE PLACE IS PACKED.
-RIGHT?
-IT'S WALL TO WALL IN HERE.
HEY, WHEN NICK SAYS JUMP,
PEOPLE SAY "HOW HIGH."
HOW LONG,
HOW FAR, HOW FAST?
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT ANY OF THAT MEANT,
-BUT IT SOUNDED
GOOD COMING OUT.
-DOESN'T MATTER.
JUST KEEP IT UP, BROTHER,
WHATEVER IT IS YOU'RE DOING.
HEY, HOW DOES SHE HAPPEN
TO BE EVERYWHERE WE ARE?
EVERYONE COMES
TO NICK'S PARTIES.
LOOK AROUND!
THE LAST TIME
WE SAW EACH OTHER,
WE DIDN'T EXACTLY END
ON GOOD TERMS, MAN.
DID HE COME TOO FAST?
NO, MAN!
WE HAD AN ARGUMENT
IN THE RESTAURANT.
SHE KINDA STORMED OUT.
OKAY, WELL, I DON'T WANT YOU
TALKING ABOUT ANYTHING
BUSINESS RELATED
OR WHAT HAPPENED YESTERDAY
OR LAST WEEK
OR FIVE YEARS AGO,
JUST HAVE FUN.
I JUST WANT YOU
TO HAVE FUN.
WELL, I MEAN, IF I'M STILL
UP FOR THE GRANT,
IT COULD BE A MAJOR
ACCOMPLISHMENT.
LET'S GO TALK TO HER.
OH, HELLO, LADIES.
HI.
UM, GOOD TO SEE YOU AGAIN,
MR. STEVENS.
-IT'S COLE.
-NO, IT'S LIKE
BOILING IN HERE.
NO, MY MIDDLE NAME,
IT'S COLE.
OH, THOMAS COLE STEVENS.
SEXY.
YOU LOOK AMAZING,
BY THE WAY.
THANK YOU.
YOU LOOK PRETTY GOOD
YOURSELF.
IT'S A NEW LOOK.
IT WORKS.
MY STYLIST HERE
TOOK CARE OF ME.
WELL, YOU KNOW, I'M NOT
JUST A PRETTY FACE.
I-- I ACTUALLY
DO IT ALL.
YES, HE DOES.
LET'S GO BACK
TO MY PLACE.
AH, ACTUALLY,
I'M GOING HOME
WITH A LADY TONIGHT, SO--
-WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
-HMM?
* I CAN LOVE YOU BETTER
THAN SHE CAN *
-ACTUALLY--
-HMM?
THREE'S NOT A CROWD
IN MY PLAYBOOK.
YOU'RE SO BAD.
IT'S SO GOOD.
-OOH, SHALL WE?
-MMM.
-YEAH.
-OOH.
OOH.
-MMM.
-HEY.
I HAVE TO GET
TO THE BAKERY.
NO.
BUT I'D LOVE TO SEE YOU
AGAIN TONIGHT.
OKAY.
HOW ABOUT DINNER,
MY PLACE?
-OKAY.
MM-MM-MM.
ALYSSA, THERE'S SOMETHING
I NEED TO TELL YOU.
THE FOUNDATION'S BEEN
LOOKING AT YOUR FINANCES
AND, I MEAN, WE SEE
YOU'RE MAKING MONEY,
BUT YOU'RE BEHIND
ON YOUR RENT.
OH, I MEAN,
A LITTLE BIT BEHIND,
BUT, IT'S OKAY.
WHY HAVE YOU STOPPED GIVING
TO THE COMMUNITY THIS YEAR?
IS THIS WHAT WE'RE GONNA
TALK ABOUT FIRST THING
IN THE MORNING?
I MEAN, IS IT ME
THAT YOU WANT,
OR THE BAKERY?
AHEM...
I'M SORRY, BUT I--
I JUST NEED TO KNOW
THESE THINGS THOUGH.
WELL, IF YOU WANNA
TALK ABOUT BUSINESS,
COME TO THE BAKERY.
LOCK THE DOOR
ON YOUR WAY OUT.
-MMM.
-NO, WE HAD FUN.
IT'S JUST-- I'M NOT SURE
IF IT'S ME THAT HE LIKES
OR THE SEX IS PART
OF HIS EVALUATING PROCESS
-FOR THE GRANT.
-HMMM...
GOOD MORNING.
-HI.
-HEY, WHAT CAN
I GET YOU?
-WELL, CAN I GET--
-ACTUALLY, WAIT A MINUTE.
COULD YOU JUST
GIVE US A SECOND, SIR?
SO, WAIT A MINUTE,
YOU GUYS TALKED ABOUT
BUSINESS DURING SEX?
IT'S KIND OF A TURN-ON.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
WITH THE MONEY, HUH?
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA
DO WITH IT?
YOU'RE RIDICULOUS.
SO WAIT, HOW DID
BUSINESS COME UP?
I WAS GETTING READY
FOR WORK THIS MORNING
HALF NAKED,
AND HE JUST ASKED ME
OUT OF THE BLUE.
-THAT IS WEIRD.
-RIGHT?
WELL, MAYBE HE'S PLAYING
DOWN THE MIDDLE
BECAUSE TECHNICALLY
IT IS A CONFLICT OF INTEREST
FOR YOU TO BE SLEEPING
WITH SOMEONE FROM THE GRANT.
THERE'S NOTHING LIKE
A LITTLE EXTRA BENEFIT.
BUT, TIME WILL TELL
IF SOMETHING IN THE MILK
ISN'T WHITE.
-WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
-YOU KNOW, LIKE WHEN YOU
HAVE SEX WITH SOMEONE.
IN THE MORNING
IT HURTS TO PEE.
THAT'S WHEN YOU KNOW
WHEN SOMETHING
IN THE MILK ISN'T WHITE.
SO TRUE.
WHAT CAN I GET YOU, SIR?
ARE YOU IN OUR CONVERSATION?
-UH, I WANT A CUPCAKE.
-OKAY. HERE YOU GO.
AND NEXT TIME
I'M CHARGING YOU DOUBLE.
-GO.
-I'M SORRY.
-BELLA.
-WHAT?
GIVE AWAY ONE MORE CUPCAKE,
-IT'S COMING OUT
OF YOUR PAYCHECK.
-YOU KNOW WHAT, BABY,
IT'S ALL ABOUT
THE COMEBACK.
YOU GIVE THEM ONE,
THEY KEEP COMING BACK
FOR A DOZEN MORE.
YOU STILL HAVEN'T
TOLD ME HOW IT WAS.
A LADY NEVER TELLS.
WHICH IS WHY I'M WAITING
FOR YOU TO OPEN YOUR MOUTH.
-GIRL, YOU'RE SILLY WAY...
-HI.
MM-HMM.
LIGHT A CIGARETTE,
WORK IT OUT.
-WHAT CAN I GET YOU?
-WORK IT OUT.
SO, SAW YOU WENT HOME
WITH ALYSSA LAST NIGHT.
DON'T YOU THINK THAT IT'S--
I DON'T KNOW--
A LITTLE BIT OF A CONFLICT
OF INTEREST?
FOUNDER OF TKS
GIVES GRANT TO THE GIRL
HE'S BANGING?
YOU KNOW WHAT,
I SAID THAT TO YOU
LAST NIGHT
AND YOUR RESPONSE WAS,
"LIVE IN THE MOMENT."
YEAH, I WAS TALKING
ABOUT DANCING.
HOW DO YOU KNOW I EVEN
HAD SEX WITH HER?
OH, COME ON, MAN.
LOOK AT-- OOH--
LOOK AT THE WAY
SHE WAS LOOKING AT YOU.
I MEAN, IF YOU DIDN'T,
I CAN TOTALLY INTRODUCE YOU
TO SOME GUYS
IN THE LOCKER ROOM.
- JUST PUT IT DOWN HERE.
- OKAY.
SHE'S GREAT,
BUT, SHE'S DEFINITELY
HIDING SOMETHING,
SO, YOU KNOW, YOU DON'T
NOT PAY RENT
UNLESS SOMETHING UNDERHANDED
IS GOING ON.
YEAH. TIME WILL TELL.
THE DECISION NEEDS TO BE MADE
IN THE NEXT TWO DAYS.
WELL, YOU GOTTA DECIDE,
ARE YOU GONNA GET LAID,
OR GET HER PAID?
AS LONG AS YOU GET ONE,
THE OTHER'S GOING AWAY.
WAS THAT KANYE?
NO, THAT WAS NICK PHILIPS.
OH, YEAH, BABY.
OH, IT'S ALL ABOUT TO FAIL!
SIR, CAN I HELP YOU?
UM, DO YOU KNOW
ALYSSA STOCK?
YEAH, I DO.
ARE YOU THE MIRACLE
WE NEED?
WELL, I'VE BEEN
CALLED WORSE.
WHAT DO I NEED TO CURE?
IT'S THE STILLWELL
CORPORATION,
THEY'RE TRYING
TO TAKE THIS PLACE OVER
AND TEAR IT DOWN
AND BUILD CONDOS.
ALYSSA'S BEEN TRYING
TO HELP OUT FINANCIALLY,
BUT IT'S JUST NOT ENOUGH.
I TALKED TO HER
ABOUT TALKING TO SOMEONE
WHO MIGHT BE ABLE
TO HELP.
NOW, WHY IS THIS
SUCH A BIG DEAL TO ALYSSA?
BESIDES THE FACT THAT HER
GRANDMOTHER LIVES HERE,
IT'S THE LAST PLACE
HER MOTHER LIVED
BEFORE SHE DIED.
UM, AM I ABLE TO SPEAK
WITH HER GRANDMOTHER?
YEAH, FOLLOW ME.
KNOCK KNOCK, MRS. STOCK.
YOU HAVE A VISITOR.
HE'S A FRIEND OF ALYSSA'S.
OH, A HANDSOME VISITOR.
ARE YOU ALYSSA'S
NEW BOYFRIEND?
-YOU OKAY, JOSEPHINE?
-YES, I'M GOOD.
-I'LL BE OUTSIDE.
-OKAY, THANKS.
UH, NO, I AM--
I JUST CAME TO ASK
SOME QUESTIONS
ABOUT BABE'S BAKERY.
THE BAKERY.
YOU KNOW, WE WERE VOTED
THE BEST BAKERY ON THE BLOCK
ALL THROUGH THE 80s.
THE 80s?
YOU DIDN'T OWN IT
UNTIL 1994.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
DID YOU KNOW
THERESA STEVENS?
THERESA?
SHE IS BABE'S BAKERY.
SHE TURNED IT OVER TO ME.
SWEET LADY.
SO, WHY DID YOU STEAL
IT FROM HER?
STEAL IT?
THERESA AND I WERE FRIENDS.
SHE WAS MY MENTOR.
I WOULD NEVER
STEAL FROM HER.
THEN HOW DID YOU
GET THE BAKERY?
WELL, LET ME TELL YOU.
THERESA!
COME HERE AND TASTE
THIS CUPCAKE.
I THINK I'VE GOT
YOUR RECIPE DOWN.
UM, JOSEPHINE, I NEED
TO TALK TO YOU.
I'M SICK, JOSEPHINE.
AND I HAVE THAT BEAUTIFUL
BABY BOY OVER THERE.
I CAN SPEND THE NEXT YEAR
BEHIND THIS COUNTER,
OR I CAN SPEND IT
WITH HIM.
THERESA, I'M SO SORRY.
WHAT CAN I DO?
I NEED YOU TO TAKE
OVER THE BAKERY.
WELL, WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
I'VE ALREADY CONTACTED
THE LAWYERS
AND THEY'VE DRAWN UP
THE PAPERWORK
TRANSFERRING OWNERSHIP
OF THE BAKERY TO YOU.
-WHY ME?
-WHY NOT YOU?
YOUR PASSION,
YOUR LOYALTY.
I MEAN,
THE INSPIRATION
YOU BRING
MAKES ME FEEL LIKE
WE'RE ALREADY PARTNERS.
-BABE'S BAKERY?
-TELL ME YOU'LL DO IT.
I NEED YOU TO DO IT.
ALL RIGHT, SWEETHEART,
BUT BABE'S BAKERY
WILL ALWAYS BE YOURS.
THANK YOU.
I HAVE TO GO.
THIS WAS MY FIRST APRON.
I'M GONNA KEEP IT, OKAY?
SO SHE CHOSE ME?
SHE CHOSE YOU,
WHOEVER YOU ARE.
DID I TELL YOU THAT
I MET MY HUSBAND HERE?
VOLUNTEERING AS TEENAGERS.
SURE DID.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
I GOTTA GET GOING,
-BUT, THANK YOU.
-YOU'RE WELCOME.
HI.
COME ON IN.
OH.
SORRY.
DECIDED TO KEEP
IT CASUAL, I SEE.
YEAH, I FIGURED WHY
DRESS UP FOR A DATE
AT A STRANGER'S HOUSE.
OKAY.
IS IT COLOGNE-FEST
IN HERE?
SORRY ABOUT THAT,
I-- I OBVIOUSLY SPRAYED
A LITTLE TOO MUCH.
YOU THINK?
IS THIS HOW YOU GOT
YOUR LAST GIRLFRIEND?
OR IS THAT WHY
SHE LEFT YOU?
UH... AM I MISSING
SOMETHING HERE OR--
I DON'T KNOW.
ARE YOU?
CAN I GET YOU
SOMETHING TO DRINK?
WHAT DO YOU GOT?
WATER AND--
LET ME CHECK.
LOOKS LIKE I JUST
HAVE WATER.
WELL, THEN, WATER
WILL BE GREAT.
-DO YOU HAVE ICE?
-VERY FUNNY.
MM-HMM.
SO, I MADE ENCHILADAS.
HOPE YOU LIKE IT.
MMM. LOOKS LIKE THROW UP.
AHEM...
-HALF A CROISSANT?
-WELL.
ARE YOU RATIONING
MY FOOD?
WHAT THE HELL
IS YOUR PROBLEM?
I WENT BY CSW
NURSING HOME TODAY.
HAVE YOU EVER BEEN THERE?
OKAY, THERE'S SOMETHING
I NEED TO TELL YOU NOW.
DID YOU FOLLOW ME THERE?
LOOK, LISTEN, I THINK
IT'S ADMIRABLE
THAT YOU'RE FIGHTING
A BIG CORPORATION
FOR YOUR MOTHER'S NURSING HOME
TO STAY IN BUSINESS. I DO.
BUT I ALSO THINK
I CAN HELP YOU
INSTEAD OF YOU USING
THE MONEY FROM THE BAKERY.
THIS ISN'T YOUR BURDEN.
I'M NOT YOUR CHARITY CASE.
I'M NOT ASKING YOU
TO COME IN AND SAVE THE DAY.
THEN WHY DID YOU APPLY
FOR MY GRANT?
'CAUSE WHAT ARE YOU REALLY
GONNA DO WITH THE MONEY?
-SCREW YOU.
-ALYSSA, SERIOUSLY.
COME HERE.
ALYSSA!
RAY, YOU BEAUTIFUL RAY
OF SUNLIGHT.
WHAT DID I TELL YOU.
KEEP 'EM COMING.
THANK YOU, RAY.
HERE, DRINK THIS.
IT'LL MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER.
CHEERS.
DON'T LOOK SO HAPPY.
I NEED A BLOW JOB.
BY MYSELF?
-HI, HOW ARE YOU?
-HI.
WHAT YOUR NAME?
I DON'T HAVE A NAME.
-OH.
-WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
MY NAME'S MICHAEL.
I'M THE OWNER.
MY DRESS IS SLUTTY.
ALYSSA, YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE
I WAS ONLY TRYING TO HELP.
MY WHOLE PURPOSE
FOR COMING HERE
WAS TO EVALUATE YOU
AND DETERMINE
IF YOU WERE WORTHY
FOR THE GRANT.
I WAS SO FOCUSED
ON WHAT YOU WEREN'T DOING
BECAUSE EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU
AND THE BAKERY DIDN'T ADD UP.
IT'S UNFORTUNATE
THAT I FOUND OUT THIS WAY
BECAUSE I DECEIVED YOU.
BUT I'M HAPPY I FOUND OUT.
I NOT ONLY FOUND OUT
THAT YOU'RE WORTHY
FOR THE GRANT,
BUT THAT YOU'RE
AN AMAZING WOMAN.
I JUST WANT TO SPEND
MORE TIME WITH YOU.
I DON'T KNOW.
JUST CALL ME.
OKAY, LOOK,
IT'S BEEN FUN,
BUT I JUST--
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
WHY ARE YOU JUST
GETTING HERE?
I JUST GOT THE PHONE CALL.
I WAS HERE ALL NIGHT.
YEAH? WHAT KIND OF PEOPLE
DO YOU HAVE LOOKING
AFTER MY GRANNY?
LISTEN, THEY WERE
THE SAME PEOPLE
THAT TOOK CARE OF YOUR MOM
WHEN SHE WAS HERE.
THEY'RE THE SAME PEOPLE
THAT HAVE TAKEN CARE
OF YOUR GRANNY
FOR THE LAST SEVEN YEARS.
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY
UNSATISFACTORY CARE.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE
YOU SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN.
-ALYSSA, I KNOW
YOU'RE ANGRY,
-YEAH.
BUT CAN WE FOCUS ON FINDING
YOUR GRANDMOTHER, PLEASE.
OKAY, WHERE WAS
SHE LAST SEEN?
BELLA, I CAN'T TALK
RIGHT NOW.
NO, MY GRANNY'S MISSING.
WHAT? OKAY,
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
-DID SHE FIND HER?
-YEAH.
OH, HI, BRAD.
-HI, BELLA.
-THANK YOU.
-HELLO.
-NATALIE.
-THANK YOU.
-NEXT.
STEP RIGHT UP.
WHAT CAN I GET YOU,
SWEETHEART?
CAN I GET A CHOCOLATE
CUPCAKE?
"MAY I HAVE
A CHOCOLATE CUPCAKE, PLEASE."
MAY I HAVE
A CHOCOLATE CUPCAKE, PLEASE?
I KNEW THAT YOU HAD MANNERS
IN THERE SOMEWHERE.
YOU ARE SMILING
A LITTLE TOO HARD
TO BE LOOKING AT A SCREEN.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
A COUPLE OF MY FRIENDS
JUST POSTED
SOME FUNNY PICTURES
ON SOCIAL MEDIA.
IG?
YOU'RE ON INSTAGRAM?
STRAIGHT FLEXIN'.
WELL, LET'S TAKE A PICTURE,
SO I CAN POST IT.
COOL.
OH, THIS IS GREAT.
ALL RIGHT, NOW,
DON'T FORGET TO TAG ME.
I WON'T.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME ON THERE?
BELLA, WHAT'S
MY NAME ON IG?
GRANNY 5150.
DID YOU JUST CALL ME CRAZY?
GRANNY, IT'S JUST A NAME.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, YOU HAVE A GOOD DAY.
AND DON'T FORGET
YOUR MANNERS NEXT TIME.
YES, MA'AM.
BYE.
GRANNY!
-ALYSSA!
-WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
BABY, GIRL! OH!
BELLA WAS TELLING ME
HOW YOUR GRANDPA
SHOULD GET ME
A PEARL NECKLACE.
-REALLY?
-WELL...
HOW DID YOU GET HERE?
THE SAME WAY I'VE BEEN
GETTING HERE
FOR THE LAST 13 YEARS.
I GOT ON THE BUS.
SINCE WHEN DO YOU
TAKE THE BUS?
YOUR GRANDPA AND I
HAVE BEEN RIDING
A BUS FOREVER.
AND SPEAKING OF WHICH,
WHERE IS YOUR GRANDPA?
GRANNY, I THINK
WE SHOULD TAKE YOU BACK
TO THE NURSING HOME, OKAY?
ALYSSA, I WANT TO TURN
THE PLACE OVER TO YOU,
BUT YOU HAVE TO TAKE
GOOD CARE OF IT.
GRANNY, YOU GAVE ME
THIS PLACE SEVEN YEARS AGO.
-I DID?
-YEAH.
OKAY, WELL...
TAKE GOOD CARE OF IT.
I WILL.
COME ON, LET'S GO, OKAY?
COME ON.
-THANKS, BELLE.
-YOU'RE WELCOME.
-BYE, GRANNY.
-BYE.
-THOMAS STEVENS.
-YES SIR, HOW ARE YOU?
I'M JUST FINE,
THANK YOU.
-IT'S BEEN A WHILE.
-YES, IT HAS NOW.
NO ONE RUNNING AWAY
FROM US AT THE ALTAR.
BETTER SHE RAN
AWAY FROM THE ALTAR,
THAN AFTER TEN YEARS
OF MARRIAGE.
WELL, I GUESS
YOU'RE RIGHT THERE.
TELL ME, NOW HOW LONG
ARE YOU GONNA BE IN TOWN?
OH, ACTUALLY,
MY FOUNDATION IS EVALUATING
-BABE'S BAKERY
FOR A GRANT.
-OH.
I LEAVE TOMORROW NIGHT,
THOUGH.
BABE'S BAKERY.
I JUST LOVE BABE'S BAKERY.
MAN, MY WIFE AND I
GO THERE EVERY SATURDAY,
AND THEN WE GO TO THE PARK
AND LIE ON THE GRASS.
I TELL YOU WHAT
A FEELING OF TRANQUILITY.
-NOT A CARE IN THE WORLD.
-YEAH.
YOU KNOW, THAT GIRL,
THAT NEW OWNER,
SHE'S QUITE A NICE GIRL.
YEAH, SHE SEEMS TO BE
ABOUT HER BUSINESS, TOO.
YOU KNOW, BABE'S
ALWAYS GOT A LINE.
YEAH, SHE'S A GOOD WOMAN.
SOUNDS LIKE YOU WERE EVALUATING
A LOT MORE THAN THE BAKERY.
I'M GONNA TAKE MY TIME
ON THIS NEXT RELATIONSHIP,
PASTOR.
THOMAS STEVENS,
I'LL SEE YOU AT THE WEDDING.
-HEY, GOOD TO SEE YOU.
-YOU, TOO, SON.
-ALL RIGHT?
-YOU TAKE CARE.
-YES, SIR.
-YES.
LONG TIME BABE'S BAKERY OWNER,
JOSEPHINE STOCK,
WANDERED OUT THE DOORS
OF THE CSW NURSING HOME
THIS MORNING
AND ENDED UP
BACK IN HER OLD BAKERY.
IT DIDN'T TAKE LONG
FOR CUSTOMERS TO RUSH IN.
SHE WAS RETURNED
TO THE NURSING HOME
THIS AFTERNOON,
WHERE LATER
SHE PASSED AWAY
IN HER SLEEP.
WE'RE TOLD SHE SUFFERED
FROM DEMENTIA.
OUR CONDOLENCES GO OUT
TO THE FAMILY AT THIS TIME.
HI.
I'M SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS.
THANKS.
WILL YOU MEET ME
AT BICENTENNIAL PARK?
IT ISN'T REALLY A GOOD TIME
RIGHT NOW, THOMAS.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
UM, THERE'S SOMETHING
I NEED TO TELL YOU.
THEN, CAN'T YOU JUST
TELL ME RIGHT NOW.
PLEASE...
10 MINUTES, THAT'S IT.
BICENTENNIAL PARK.
OKAY.
SO, YOU SAID YOU WANTED
TO TELL ME SOMETHING,
BUT THERE IS SOMETHING
I WANNA TELL YOU, TOO.
I'M LOSING THE BAKERY.
AND THAT'S WHAT I WAS GONNA
USE THE MONEY FOR.
NOT THE STUFF I SHOWED YOU.
I KNOW IT DISQUALIFIES ME,
BUT, I JUST THOUGHT
YOU SHOULD KNOW.
WHEN I CAME HERE,
I HAD ULTERIOR MOTIVES.
MY REAL GOAL WAS TO STOP YOU
FROM GETTING THE GRANT,
AND TAKE BACK THE BAKERY.
WHAT I DIDN'T
TELL YOU WAS...
MY MOM STARTED
BABE'S BAKERY.
SHE SOLD IT
TO YOUR GRANDMOTHER,
WHICH I THOUGHT
SHE HAD STOLEN IT FROM US.
BUT YOUR GRANDMOTHER
TOLD ME EVERYTHING
AND I'M SORRY.
I THINK IT'S ADMIRABLE
WHAT YOU'RE DOING
FOR YOUR GRANNY
AND FOR THAT NURSING HOME.
I WOULD GIVE YOU
THE GRANT,
BUT RULES ARE RULES,
AND I'LL TAKE IT BACK
TO THE BOARD
AND TELL THEM
THE TRUTH,
AND ALL THEY CAN DO
IS VOTE YES OR NO.
OKAY.
I GOTTA SAY IT'S NOT
THE BAKERY I'M GONNA MISS.
I KNOW MY PATH IS GONNA
LEAD ME TO ANOTHER BAKERY,
BUT I DON'T KNOW IF I'M EVER
GONNA FIND ANOTHER YOU.
I KNOW IT'S BEEN
TWO WEEKS.
-IT'S CRAZY.
-YEAH, YEAH.
I DON'T KNOW.
WHERE DO WE GO
FROM HERE?
I HAVEN'T FELT THAT
FOR A WHILE.
WHAT?
SORRY.
ALYSSA, WAIT!
ALYSSA!
JUST LISTEN TO ME.
GIVE ME A SECOND.
IT'S NOT WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE.
REALLY?
A LATE NIGHT DINNER
WITH YOUR EX.
THAT'S NOT
WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE?
-JUST GIVE ME--
-THIS WHAT YOU DO WITH
ALL THE GIRLS?
WHAT GIRLS?
THERE ARE NO GIRLS.
IT'S ONLY YOU.
NO, YOU WANT--
THIS IS JUST A SIGN
THAT WHAT I WAS GONNA
SAY IS A MISTAKE.
HAVE A SAFE TRIP HOME.
ALYSSA.
WHEN WERE YOU GONNA TELL ME?
EVICTION NOTICE?
BELLE, IT'S NOT YOUR PROBLEM.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
WELL, YEAH,
IT'S MY PROBLEM
IF MY BEST FRIEND
IS ABOUT TO LOSE
THE ONLY THING
SHE'S EVER LOVED.
IS THIS HOW YOU'VE BEEN
HELPING THE NURSING HOME
-FROM SHUTTING DOWN?
-YEAH.
OKAY, WELL, THEN,
LET ME CALL SOME PEOPLE.
NO, DON'T WORRY
ABOUT IT.
I'M GONNA FIGURE IT OUT.
IT'S OKAY. I GOT IT.
WELL, FIGURE WHAT OUT?
I MEAN, YOU ONLY HAVE
THREE DAYS TO COME UP
WITH $60,000.
IT'S OKAY.
LOOK, THOMAS JUST LEFT
A VOICEMAIL.
MAYBE HE HAS GOOD NEWS.
PROBABLY NOT.
HEY ALYSSA, IF YOU'D JUST
PICK UP THE PHONE
AND GIVE ME
JUST A SECOND TO EXPLAIN
I PROMISE YOU
IT'S NOT WHAT YOU THINK.
CALL ME BACK.
ALL RIGHT.
I REALLY ENJOYED
SEEING YOU.
OKAY.
JUST CALL ME.
I KNEW IT.
I KNEW EVERY TIME
Y'ALL SAW EACH OTHER
HE LOVES YOU.
YOU LOVE HIM.
-LOVE?
-MM-HMM.
YEAH, I DON'T THINK
I'D BE OUT WITH MY FIANCÉE
IF I WAS IN LOVE
WITH SOMEONE.
WELL, MAYBE THAT WAS
JUST MISUNDERSTANDING.
I THINK IF YOU CARE
ABOUT THIS PLACE
AND YOU CARE ABOUT HIM,
YOU NEED TO GO AFTER IT.
WELL, IT WOULDN'T WORK.
I MEAN, HE LIVES
IN CALIFORNIA.
AND I'M STAYING HERE.
I MEAN, THE BAKERY
IS MY FIRST PRIORITY.
OKAY, WELL, THEN, IF THIS
IS YOUR FIRST PRIORITY,
THEN YOU NEED GO AFTER HIM
BECAUSE HE HAS THE MONEY
THAT YOU NEED.
YEAH, WELL, I LIED TO HIM.
I LIED TO HIM
ABOUT WHAT I WOULD DO
WITH THE MONEY.
I'M PRETTY SURE THE FOUNDATION
ISN'T GONNA PICK A LIAR.
I'M JUST SAYING,
HE LOVES YOU,
HE HAS THE MONEY,
TAKE ADVANTAGE.
#SUGAR DADDY.
SO THAT'S ALL
THIS WAS ABOUT?
IT WAS NEVER ABOUT ANYTHING
MORE THAN THE MONEY?
NO, THAT'S NOT TRUE.
DO I--
'CAUSE YOU HAVE
A FUNNY WAY OF SHOWING
BY NOT ANSWERING MY CALLS.
I FIGURED YOU'D BE BUSY
WITH YOUR EX-GIRLFRIEND,
AND ALL THAT.
LOOK, LET'S NOT STRING
THIS ALONG ANY FURTHER.
CLEARLY WHAT HAPPENED
BETWEEN US WAS A MISTAKE.
I AGREE.
OKAY.
WELL, I WISH YOU THE BEST.
AND I JUST WANTED
TO BE PROFESSIONAL
AND COME BY AND TELL YOU
YOU DIDN'T GET THE GRANT.
BEST WISHES
WITH THE BAKERY.
THOMAS, WHATEVER
YOU HEARD IS WRONG.
HEY, THIS WOMAN LOVES YOU
AND I KNOW YOU LOVE HER.
OKAY, PLEASE,
DON'T DO THIS.
THIS PLACE
IS ALL SHE HAS.
YOU'RE ALL SHE HAS.
SORRY I COULDN'T BE
YOUR SUGAR DADDY.
WHAT'S UP, MAN?
HEY, DID YOU GET
MY EMAIL?
NO, WHAT EMAIL?
THE EMAIL I JUST SENT YOU.
LOOK AT YOUR COMPUTER.
CSW NURSING HOME
WHICH HAD BEEN PROJECTED
TO CLOSE
AT MONTH'S END
HAS GAINED NEW LIFE
AFTER THE STILLWELL
CORPORATION
DECIDED TO BUILD THEIR
FUTURISTIC CONDOMINIUMS
SOMEPLACE ELSE.
WE REACHED OUT
TO THE STILLWELL
CORPORATION
REGARDING THE SUDDEN CHANGE.
WELL, AFTER FURTHER EVALUATION
OF THE CSW NURSING HOME,
WE FEEL THIS PLACE HAS BEEN
AN ASSET TO OUR COMMUNITY
IN SUPPORTING THE CARE
OF THE ELDERLY.
ONE DAY, OUR CEO, MY FATHER,
HE MIGHT NEED THE SUPPORT
OF AN ASSISTED LIVING HOME,
LIKE THIS ONE,
AND I DON'T WANT ANY COMPANY
COMING IN TO TEAR IT DOWN,
LEAVING HIM WITH
NO WHERE TO GO.
WAS THAT YOU?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
HOW'D YOU DO IT?
I MEAN, WAIT,
ARE YOU ENGAGED AGAIN?
SHUT UP. NO, I'M NOT
ENGAGED AGAIN.
I JUST TOLD HER
IF SHE WANTED
TO MAKE IT UP TO ME
FOR LEAVING ME AT THE ALTAR,
SHE'D LET ME BUY THEM OUT
THE NURSING HOME.
WAIT, WAIT, SO, YOU OWN
THE NURSING HOME?
NO, THE THERESA KAREN STEVENS
FOUNDATION
OWNS THE NURSING HOME.
OKAY, I-- I DON'T MEAN
TO BE INSENSITIVE HERE,
BUT, ALYSSA'S GRANDMOTHER
JUST PASSED AWAY.
WHY WOULD YOU BUY
THE NURSING HOME?
BECAUSE I DIDN'T
DO IT FOR ALYSSA.
I DID IT 'CAUSE IT WAS
THE RIGHT THING TO DO.
IT'S WHAT MY MOM
WOULD HAVE DONE.
"WELL DONE, GRASSHOPPER.
WELL DONE."
ALL RIGHT, BUDDY,
I'LL TALK TO YOU.
SOMEONE BOUGHT
THE BAKERY ALREADY?
THIS IS PRIME
REAL ESTATE, LADIES.
SORRY, CLOSED, BUT, COME BACK
IN A COUPLE OF MONTHS.
HEARD S&S WILL
BE EVEN BETTER.
HEY, WHERE DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE GOING WITH THAT?
-GIVE IT TO ME.
-OH, COME ON.
-GIVE IT. TAKE IT.
-JUST GIVE IT.
GET OUT OF HERE.
GET OUT.
-ALL RIGHT.
-GET OUT OF HERE.
ALYSSA.
WHAT IS IT?
OPEN IT.
OH, MY GOD.
WE DID IT!
GRACIAS, JESÚS!
GRACIAS, JESÚS.
OH, THANK YOU!
OH, GRACIAS, JESÚS.
SINCE WHEN DID YOU START
THANKING JESÚS IN SPANISH?
OH, NO,
OUR MAILMAN, JESUS.
"GRACIAS."
HE TAUGHT ME THAT.
IT'S SPANISH.
-OKAY.
-MM-HMM.
WHAT?
UH.
CONGRATULATIONS.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT THIS MEANS.
IT MEANS I'M RICH, BITCH.
WELL, UM, WE PUT
SO MUCH INTO BABES,
BOTH OF OUR FAMILIES,
AND SINCE IT HAPPENS
TO BE ON THE MARKET,
IT FALLS RIGHT IN LINE
WITH OUT NEWEST GRANT,
WHICH ALLOWS US
TO BUY IT OUTRIGHT
AND GIVE IT TO SOMEONE WHO'S
BEEN AN INSPIRATION TO US,
AND TO COMMUNITIES
AND BAKERIES ACROSS
THE COUNTRY.
WOW, MY MIND IS BLOWN.
I JUST, OKAY, SO I OWN
THE BAKERY NOW.
UM, WHAT ABOUT US?
UH, JESÚS WILL BE YOUR MAN
FOR $200,000.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
THE $200,000 IS FOR.
WELL, IT'S FOR START UP COSTS
FOR STOCK AND STEVENS
HERE IN CALIFORNIA.
WHICH MEANS WE MIGHT
HAVE TO SPEND
A LITTLE MORE TIME TOGETHER.
I LOVE YOU.
TOO SOON?
WELL, IT WOULD SOUND
A LOT BETTER
IF YOU SAID THAT
TO MY FACE.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org